More TR edits (#1343)
hadley/r4ds: data-transform.qmd

Most of the time, however, you'll want the distinct combination of some variables, so you can also optionally supply column names:

```{r}
# Remove duplicate rows, if any
flights |> 
  distinct()

# Find all unique origin and destination pairs
flights |> 
  distinct(origin, dest)
```

Alternatively, if you want to the keep other columns when filtering for unique rows, you can use the `.keep_all = TRUE` option.

```{r}
flights |> 
  distinct(origin, dest, .keep_all = TRUE)
```

It's not a coincidence that all of these distinct flights are on January 1, `distinct()` will find the find the first occurrence of a unique row in the dataset and discard the rest.

If you want to find the number of occurrences instead, you're better off swapping `distinct()` for `count()`, and with the `sort = TRUE` argument you can arrange them in descending order of number of occurrences.

> You'll learn more about count in

Reviewer: Missing reference

      select(!year:day)
    ```

>     You can use `-` instead of `!` in the code above, but we recommend `!` to indicate "not" in a `select()` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also use `-` instead of `!` (and you're likely to see that in the wild); we recommend `!` because it reads as "not", and combines well with `&` and `|`.
```

  group_by(month)
```

> `group_by()` doesn't change the data but, if you look closely at the output, you'll notice that the output indicates that "grouped by" month (`Groups: month [12]`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`group_by()` doesn't change the data but, if you look closely at the output, you'll notice that the output indicates that it is "grouped by" month (`Groups: month [12]`).
```
